Main Functions:
    game_loop()
    move_player()
    look_and_act()
    enter_battle()
    enter_mart()
    enter_center()
    menu()

Use: 
    make
    ./poke327

For this assignment, I started with professors code from 1.04, and built off of that.
Going about this assignment was a little strange as I have never worked with curses,
but after getting used to the infrastructure it was not too bad. The core functionality
is stored in the game_loop() from 1.04, but now there is input gathering every time that
the user needs to move. From the game loop. The logic for the npc movement is 99% the same
but now with some checking to see if the trainer has been defeated. Every time it is the
users time to move, it takes the input and passes it to the move_player function, where it
does the movement with no error checking, and then checks the current square for collisions,
which is handled in look_and_act(). This fxn is where you will check to enter a battle, 
enter a pokemart, or enter a pokecenter, as well as just general collision detection for
the PC. If there is some collision, the user will be moved back to the previous square
and no errors will be had. All of the enter_ functions and the menu just hold the user
in the specified area until the escape key is pressed in which case it will go back to
the game. That is the basis of how the program works, I didn't get to all the features
but the known bugs are listed below. Thank you for reading :)

Known Bugs:
    There is no logic to move between maps :( I did not get too it

    Right away, you need to move the PC to get all of the NPC's to
    spawn, so if you enter the menu right away, there will be no
    trainers listed. 

    Trainers cannot initiate the battles, I didn't get to allowing them
    to be able to do that, but you can still get into battles with all of the
    trainers by walking into them, in which case you defeat them and they are 
    taken out of the heap and the map.

    On input of a different character other than the defined set, the cost 
    of the PC will remain the same, but sometimes other NPC's will move
    because if they have the same cost, they can sometimes come out before
    the PC, if that makes sense.