Main Functions:
    init_trainers()
    set_logical_next()

Use: 
    make
    ./poke327 [seed] [--numtrainers <NUM>]

For this assignment, I started with professors code from 1.03, and built off of that.
After adding argument parsing I got some general architecture set up, such as the structure
for the trainers and what not. After all that was done, I got working on some of the core 
helper functions that made this project work. The first being init_trainers. This function
took in the argument for how many trainers, and placed them on the map, all in valid locations.
After they were all placed, I had to figure out how to move them, so I decided to go with a
function that I named set_logical_next, which took a specific trainer, and depending on what
kind it was or what its current values are, it would set the "next_pos" position variable of
that trainer for the logic in main to do the rest. This function pretty much holds all the logic
for when to move, how much it will cost, where to move, and where to move upon collision.
I also added a print_trainers function that was mainly for debugging purposes. The flowchart for
how the movment goes as follows:
    Fills heap with trainers
    while(1)
        Pulls out min cost trainer
        calculates the next movement(and cost for it)
        Moves the character pointer
        Makes a copy of the struct onto the trainer map
        Tells main to not display the old trainer
        Inserts trainer back into the heap

This flowchart works almost perfectly except for a very small bug that is so frustrating I just
cannot figure it out. There is a bug where if a trainer leaves its starting position, and hits
a wall, it will turn around like it is supposed to, but the moment it enters the cell where it
was originally spawned in, it gets stuck forever and cannot move. This is easily replicated by
watching a wanderer or a pacer, as they are linear in movement. All my logic works perfectly
for all the trainers, but this one bug just put me down. I also have no logic to do anything
once the hiker/rivals reach the PC so they just kinda bounce around near it.